Example Graphics Products for SVGMet

This directory contains some examples of graphic products which can
be generated from the SVGMet version of the Graphics Product Generator.
The controlling "fpdf" files are given in upper-case letters.  A short
description of each product is given below.

These examples are meant to be run from the FPA demo database, but
they can be modified to run from a local database if desired.  The
user should make a copy of the required "fpdf" files in the local
"svgmet" directory, and modify lines followed by the comment ...

  !EDIT!

The graphics products are ...

TABLE and FTABLE

  Tabular form of weather (as symbols) and temperature (in degrees
  Celsius for TABLE or degrees Fahrenheit for FTABLE) for selected
  locations for overnight and the following day.

PUBLIC and PUBLIC_PERSPECTIVE

  Media style graphic with a tabular forecast underneath.  Note that
  the weather areas are filled with colour, filled with symbols,
  outlined with a patterned line, and also labelled at locations
  set within the FPA.  Note that PUBLIC_PERSPECTIVE displays a
  perspective view of the same map area, tilted backwards from the
  bottom edge of the map.

MAXBANDS

  Media style graphic with colour banded maximum temperature
  contours, with weather symbols and temperatures at selected locations.

WAVES

  Marine style graphic with contoured wave heights.  Note that winds
  are displayed at locations set within the FPA.

AVIATION_2

  Aviation style 2 panel graphic forecast with complex labels.  The
  first panel is for clouds and weather, the second for icing and
  turbulence.  Note that the geography for this graphic is pre-determined
  (from the graphic product AVIATION_2_GEOGRAPHY), and thus the
  processing time is significantly reduced.  Note also that the text
  files in the "Comments" sections are produced from the TexMet tabular
  product COMMENTS_AVIATION_2.  These text files are meant to be edited
  to add necessary comments before the AVIATION_2 product is generated.

AVIATION_2_GEOGRAPHY

  Pre-determined geography for graphic product AVIATION_2.  Note that
  the "@size" directive must set height greater than width (so that the
  page will be aligned "upright" or in "portrait" mode), and that the
  "@define_map_placement" directive must be offset to the lower left
  corner of the page for the geography to display correctly.

AVIATION_ROUTES

  Aviation style route forecast in space and time between Boston (BOS)
  and St John's, Newfoundland (YYT), with stops at Halifax, Nova Scotia
  (YHZ) and Gander, Newfoundland (YQX).  The two graphics display
  trips over the same route at the same time, but in opposite directions.
  The cloud and weather information is extracted from an FPA database
  interpolated to every 5 minutes.  Note that three subdirectories
  (RouteLookups1, RoutLookups2 and RouteLookups3) contain the set
  of location lookup files to shift the transit time of the trips from
  between T+0:00 and T+9:00 to between T+1:30 and T+10:30, or to between
  T+3:00 and T+12:00.  Note that the only difference in the main fpdf
  file in the subdirectories, AVIATION_ROUTES.fpdf, is the name of the
  output graphics file.


These examples may be used as templates for local graphics products.
Good Luck.
