This directory contains the files to create the program rankweightDaemon.

This program has two functions: 

1. To monitor the directory where a storm tracking program is expected to
   put statistics files (SCIT) and

2. To monitor one or more directories for one or more files, and if all
   monitored files and directories arrive with the same time stamp, launch
   a program.

For function 1:

The program is a daemon that runs in background and calculates storm rank
weights. Once this is done it creates forecasts of rank weights and inserts
then into the SCIT files. A set of forecast files is created containing just
storm rank weight. This process is done when the program first starts and then
later when any SCIT files are modified or when they are moved into or created
in the directory.

To run the program the command is: rankweightDaemon start <setup_file>

where <setup_file> is the setup file associated with the database for which
processing is required. If the setup file is not specified then the default
file is used.

The setup file is expected to have an entry specifying where the configuration
file and data directory is that is used by Aurora for displaying SCIT files.
Both of these are also required by rankweightDaemon.

To stop the daemon run: rankweightDaemon stop <setup_file>

A log file named rankweightDaemon.log is created for the program. Where it is
created depends on the run permissions. If run as superuser the log file will
be in the directory /var/log otherwise it is created in the directory set by
the $FPA directory. If this is unsuccessful $HOME is tried and then /tmp as
a last resort.

There is also a lock file created in the data directory obtained from the
setup file named ".rankweightDaemon.lock" which contains the pid of the
program. This is used by the stop function of the program to terminate the
running version. If starting the program and the file exists the program
checks to see if it is actually already running before starting. If a version
of the program is running then it will not start up.

To make it easy to change the equations:

1. All of the equations used to produce the rank weights are found in one
   function at the top of the calc_weights.c file.

2. All extrapolation routines are found in one fuction at the top of the
   fcst_weights.c file.

For function 2:

The program runs as a daemon as above and reads the monitoring information from
the configuration file. See the configuration file radarSTAT or the fpa source
file radarSTAT_dialog.c for details.
